---
{"location":"Khardaha, Kolkata.","enjoyment":"🟩","why":"On a tour.","date":"2025-02-19","dg-publish":true,"dg-home":null,"tags":["weeklyreviews"],"aliases":["The one where lot of tour happens in the same week."],"permalink":"/notes/07-journals-calender/weekly-notes/2025-w07/","dgPassFrontmatter":true,"updated":"2025-05-19T10:27:31.283+05:30"}
---



## What Is Worth Mentioning About This Week?

In the first day, I went for a school excursion to Science City, where I saw two good shows. Next day and the day after was final marks day of of school. In Friday and Saturday, me and my family was on a tour of Bishnupur, Banalata and Jaypur forest. In the tour, we saw the temples, Rashmanch, the malls, the forest and many more. The last was holiday where I took rest. I went there by Rupasi Bangla Express, from Santragachi Railway Station.

---

## What Did I Accomplished This Week?

I learnt the the history of Bishnupur, the tales of kings and queens, the kings build the temples devoted to god's like Krishna. Bishnupur is also called the city of temples. I learnt they have their own traditions. I also learnt about crypto and AI.

---

## What Could I Have Done Better This Week?

I could have seen the temples of Bishnupur better with learning more history about the temples. I could have stayed for extra one night and saw more temples. I also should ride the horse car of Banalata.

---

## What I Am Grateful For This Week , And What I Am Thinking Of?

I am grateful because there was school excursion of Science City and the Bishnupur tour in the same week where I saw historical temples made by kings.

---

## What Did I Set To Achieve This Week?

I set to learn the history of the temples of Bishnupur, who built them.

---

## What Do I Want To Achieve Next Week?

I set to learn about Obsidian, computer science, Phyton program, starting Journalism and many more. I also want to learn Rubik's cube and chess skills.